JACK L. GOOD
Boulder, CO
jlg444@cornell.edu
(720) 668-7343
www.linkedin.com/in/jacklgood/

EDUCATION
Cornell University, College of Arts and Sciences
Intended Dual B.A. in Computer Science, Economics
GPA: 3.44/4
Relevant Coursework: Functional Programming, Foundations in Artificial
Intelligence, Object-Oriented Programming & Data Structures, Linear Algebra,
Discrete Structures, Game Theory & Strategic Thinking.

TECHNICAL SKILLS & PROJECTS
Programming Languages: Python, Java, OCaml, JavaScript (familiar)
Libraries/Tools: NumPy, SciPy, pandas, Swing (Java), LaTeX, Microsoft 365

Interactive Image Selection (Photoshop Magnetic Lasso): Created interactive Java
UI featuring an algorithm which enables users to select a path that tries to
follow “edges” in the image by calculating shortest paths from a starting point
to all of the other pixels in the image. Features live path calculation,
progress bar, and edit menu.

Connect-N (with AI opponent): Implemented working version of Connect 4 in Python
which contains fully customizable game board as well as the ability to play
another local player or computer AI. The AI player was designed using min-max
strategy to calculate the best possible move given game constraints.

Alien Invaders: Developed basic version of Space Invaders in Python that allows
players to play multiple waves of the classic arcade video game. Featuring
multiple difficulty levels, sound effects, alien types, and game states.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ATLAS Institute
Boulder, CO
May 2024 - Present
I don't yet.

University of Colorado
Boulder, CO
Computational Chemistry Researcher, Department of Chemistry
Oct 2022 – Aug 2023
Applied Pandas and NumPy libraries to create data processing pipelines,
enhancing data efficiency and accuracy. Developed 2000+ lines of Python code to
visualize matrix outputs of the ‘Generalize Quantum Master Equation’. Presented
two, one hour department wide presentations on the derivation of the ‘GQME’ to
an audience of 100+

LEADERSHIP AND ACTIVITIES
Mutual Investment Club of Cornell
Ithaca, NY
ESG analyst
Sept 2023 - Present
Selected as one of eight new members out of a competitive pool of over 150+
applicants. Pitched two companies as an analyst for the ESG investing group
leading to $2000 in investments.

Delta Upsilon Fraternity
Ithaca, NY
Recruitment Chair, Cornell University Chapter
Aug 2023 - Present
Tripled new class size compared to previous years by emphasizing holistic
relationships with potential members. Managed $35k budget across 12 recruitment
events requiring the organization and compliance of 80+ members.

Phi Chi Theta Professional Business Fraternity
Ithaca, NY
Brotherhood Chair, Phi Chi Theta
Sept 2022 - Present
Fostered unity among member through organizing 10+ brotherhood events with
limited budget and space. Underwent rigorous new member education process on
general finance/consulting skills and practices.

PERSONAL
Interests: Tennis, golf, skiing, running, fly-fishing, watches,
Denver Nuggets/Broncos, and Norteño/Corrido music
Languages: Chinese (conversational), Spanish (conversational)
